Docs: AWS RDS Proxy Guide (#21322)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/reference/aws.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### RDS Proxy

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="IAM user">

>   Use this policy if you're connecting to RDS Proxies and your Teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this policy if you're connecting to RDS Proxy instances and your Teleport
```

>   database agent runs as an IAM user (for example, uses an AWS credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Database Service instance runs as an IAM user (for example, uses an AWS credentials
```
